hey it's Heather and today I'm going to
hurt your feelings because I'm not
cooking easy and I'm not cooking healthy
but I am cooking so good buttermilk
fried chicken wings need i say more now
people think frying is really hard it's
not hard it's just labor intensive so
let's get started already here I have
simple marinade buttermilk salt pepper
garlic powder onion powder and paprika
I'd like to let that sit for an hour a
little more a little less is fine too
when you are ready to cook however the
very first thing you got to do bring
your oil up to temperature and here i
have my own school kettle and a
thermometer because you want that oil to
be at or around three seventy five
minutes worth the seven bucks to keep
that steady now the oil i choose is
canola about two inches you can use
peanut oil don't use olive oil will not
get hot I mean a little smoke you don't
want that so that's heating and now i
have to get my first batch ready that's
right batch got a new batch cooking
that's one of the tedious things i have
two pounds of chicken easily two batches
so i have my big storage bag with two
cups of flour and again same set of
seasonings and i'm going to dredge a
batch so i like to have one hand wet and
one hand dry just to keep things sort of
neat just take a bunch and you know pick
it up now I like to instead of slipping
it right into the oil like a lot of
people do I like to let my chicken sort
of dry after its flowered I think that
makes for a crisper jerk and I'm gonna
let that sit for 10 minutes
and then we are going to do so alright
alright it's time to fry my chicken is
ready my oil is hot I'm just going to
carefully slip it in don't want to snap
her one piece at a time splashing so not
what you want right now and you know
what that's all I don't get infected for
now and now i'm going to give a little
stir make sure nothing sticking and the
first order of business now get that
temperature back up i'm covering it just
loosely and I'm keeping an eye on it why
not walk away when you're frying now
this whole process will not take more
than about 10-12 minutes the chicken
wings are small so they cook quickly
which works out well because buttermilk
Browns quickly as well so it's a perfect
match all right you know what my
temperatures doing pretty good bubble it
away and give it a stir you're going to
take a look at it every once in a while
to make sure it's not going too fast
lower the heat raise the heat cover it
up like I said not walking away and let
it dry all right these are guns so I'm
gonna turn off my heat just take them
out i have here waiting hands look like
a grill over it I don't use paper towel
like this is better safer you don't have
paper need a flying wing and these are
looking good really good nice and crispy
now if you're really worried about
doneness you can always use a quick read
thermometer pop it in not on the bone
make sure it gets to 160 and you're good
see at the table okay now what do you
serve with fried chicken well anything
goes but i like to lighten up the plate
a little bit so i have a nice arugula
salad it sort of adds a nice bite and
just sauteed corn and bell pepper can't
miss with it as far as drinking well
water would do but
to me fried chicken is a celebration so
I'm going with a sparkler this is a
California sparkler made by the French
company tanagers and what's so great
about it is that it's made totally
method champ and woz but the grapes from
California are a little bit bigger a
little bit fruitier so it really
balances the richness of the fried
chicken this is what I have been waiting
for all night a little shop a little
chicken hello so good hit my website so
good dot TV thanks